bpo-24914: mention Python supports multiple paradigms in the FAQ (#20658)
python/cpython: Doc/faq/general.rst

Python is an interpreted, interactive, object-oriented programming language.  It
incorporates modules, exceptions, dynamic typing, very high level dynamic data
types, and classes.  It supports multiple programming paradigms beyond
object-oriented programming, such as procedural and functional programming.
Python combines remarkable power with very clear syntax. It has interfaces to
many system calls and libraries, as well as to various window systems, and is
extensible in C or C++.  It is also usable as an extension language for
applications that need a programmable interface. Finally, Python is portable:

> it runs on many Unix variants, on the Mac, and on Windows 2000 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it runs on many Unix variants including Linux and macOS, and on Windows.
```

A bit beyond the scope of the issue, but the Windows version error is pretty egregious :)
